Added criteria for backend takehome as well (#16)
Codecademy/engineering-competencies: interviews/backend-takehome.md

# Backend Takehome Grading

## Section Scores

### Solution Completion

All requirements are met as outlined by the assignment's requirements.

> - 💖 4 - Perfect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 💖 4 - All stated requirements satisfied.
```

> - 👍 3 - One minor bug with flow using expected inputs, or a couple bugs with validation of corner cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 👍 3 - One minor bug with flow using expected inputs or a couple of bugs around corner cases
```

- 👎 2 - Two or more missed requirements
- 🛑 1 - Several requirements missed; compile errors that are not trivial to resolve

### Code Quality

Code is generally well-organized and easy to understand.

> - 💖 4 - Well-organized, DRY, easily readable, good variable/function names, would pass linter w/minimal issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 💖 4 - Well-organized, DRY, easily readable, good variable/function names, would pass linter with few issues
```

> - 👍 3 - Minor repetition in logic, a couple confusing variable/function names, minor formatting issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 👍 3 - Minor repetition in logic, a couple of confusing variable/function names, minor formatting issues
```

- 👎 2 - Not idiomatic for language chosen, difficult to understand and trace

> - 🛑 1 - Unable to understand, non-standard formatting, variable names difficult to follow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🛑 1 - Very difficult to understand, non-standard formatting, variable names confusing
```

### Data structures and runtime

> Data structures are chosen appropriately for low complexity and low memory allocation.

Reviewer: The list below seems to be about code organization as well as data structures (e.g. "repetition of the same logic"). Maybe we want a more general description here.

> - 💖 4 - Appropriate data structures; efficient use of conditionals/loops; minimal array scanning; appropriate passing of parameters and return values

Reviewer: Let's choose either commas or semicolons and stick to it.

- 👍 3 - Reasonable use of data structures; some opportunity for reduction of costly repeated operations; some inefficiency in usage of parameters and return values
- 👎 2 - Excessive hardcoding of control flow and repetition of the same logic
- 🛑 1 - Can enter unintended infinite loops; may not function properly; shows lack of understanding of data structures

### Testing

> While unit tests are not required, some form of test that verifies that the code is working appropriately needs to exist

Reviewer 2: This doesn't correlate with wording in the backend prompt: [Unit tests are written to determine that code is correct.](https://github.com/Codecademy/internship-code-challenge/tree/master/backend#how-you-will-be-evaluated)

And Michael's [comment here](https://codecademy.slack.com/archives/GQWH1EPJ7/p1580152302013600) leads me to believe we haven't led to a consensus yet.

I'm for `unit tests or script`, but we can have that discussion in the appropriate channel.

Author: Aha, excellent callout! I'll adjust here...

> - 💖 4 - Unit tests or script that tests various logic branches including edge cases; tests are granular and tied to specific functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 💖 4 - Unit tests or script that tests all non-trivial logic branches, including edge cases; tests are granular and tied to specific functions
```

- 👍 3 - Unit tests or script that tests main logic branches but not edge cases; tests not tied to specific functions but rather groups of them
- 👎 2 - Unit tests/script are not repeatable
- 🛑 1 - No unit tests or scripts

### Bonus

> This category could be used as a tie-breaker for candidates that scored similarly in other categories. Please [review the challenge requirements for the bonus](https://github.com/Codecademy/internship-code-challenge/tree/master/backend#bonus)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This category may be used as a tie-breaker for candidates who score similarly in other categories. Please [review the challenge requirements for the bonus](https://github.com/Codecademy/internship-code-challenge/tree/master/backend#bonus)
```
